Make ONLY the following change to the existing LOGIN order form.

IMPORTANT:
- Do not redesign the UI.
- Do not change the existing color scheme.
- Do not change product catalog, categories, search, quantity controls, calculations, or WhatsApp functionality except where required to include the new customer phone number.
- Do not break any existing functionality.
- Keep the current layout and styling consistent with the existing form.

CHANGE REQUIRED:

1. ADD CUSTOMER PHONE NUMBER FIELD

In the existing Customer Details section, where these fields currently exist:

- Shop Name
- Customer Name
- Address
- Date

Add a new field:

- Customer Number

Recommended placement:

Shop Name
Customer Name
Customer Number
Address
Date

The phone number field should match the existing input fields in:
- height
- border radius
- border
- typography
- padding
- focus state
- responsive behavior

Use a clean minimalist phone icon if the existing form uses icons.

Placeholder:
"Customer Number"

Input type:
tel

Use mobile-friendly numeric keyboard behavior where appropriate.

2. VALIDATION

Customer Number should be required before an order can be submitted.

Do not accept an empty number.

Keep validation user-friendly.

Show a clear inline validation message if the user tries to submit without entering the number.

Do not make the validation unnecessarily restrictive because Pakistani customers may enter numbers in different formats.

Accept common formats such as:

03XXXXXXXXX
+923XXXXXXXXX
923XXXXXXXXX

Do not reject a valid Pakistani number simply because spaces or +92 are used.

3. ORDER STATE

Add customer phone number to the existing order/customer data model.

Example:

customer: {
  shopName: "...",
  customerName: "...",
  phone: "...",
  address: "...",
  date: "..."
}

Use a clear field name such as:

phone

or

customerPhone

Keep the naming consistent with the existing project architecture.

4. WHATSAPP INVOICE MESSAGE

This is VERY IMPORTANT.

When the order is sent through WhatsApp, include the customer's phone number in the invoice/order message.

The message should show:

Date: ...
Shop Name: ...
Customer Name: ...
Customer Number: ...
Address: ...

Then the existing product/order details should appear exactly as they currently do.

Example:

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
LOGIN WHOLESALE ORDER
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Date: 06 Sep 2026
Shop Name: ABC Mobile
Customer Name: Ali
Customer Number: 03001234567
Address: Faisalabad

CHARGERS
L-400 ELVO Charger
Variant: Micro
Rate: Rs. 389
Qty: 5
Total: Rs. 1,945

...

Total Items: 5
Grand Total: Rs. 1,945

Do not change the existing invoice formatting unnecessarily. Simply add the Customer Number field in the appropriate customer-information section.

5. WHATSAPP URL

The customer number being displayed inside the invoice is the SHOP CUSTOMER'S NUMBER.

Do NOT confuse it with the LOGIN WhatsApp recipient number.

The existing centrally configured LOGIN WhatsApp recipient must remain unchanged.

The new Customer Number field is ONLY customer information that appears in the order/invoice message.

6. DATA PERSISTENCE

If the current form saves unfinished orders or customer information locally for offline/PWA functionality, include the new phone field in that existing persistence mechanism as well.

Do not break offline functionality.

7. TESTING

After implementing, test:

- Customer Number field appears correctly.
- User can enter a Pakistani phone number.
- Empty number triggers validation.
- Existing fields still work.
- Order can be created when all required details are provided.
- WhatsApp message contains Customer Number.
- Existing product calculations remain unchanged.
- Existing WhatsApp recipient remains unchanged.
- Mobile layout remains clean and responsive.

IMPORTANT:
This is a SMALL targeted modification.
Do not make unrelated changes to the project.
First inspect the existing customer-details component and WhatsApp message generation logic, then modify only the necessary files.